---
id: scene_1759578821553
title: Kitchen
set:
options:
  - text: "Success - exit with cheese"
    next: scene_1759579731212
    set:
      has:
        cheese: true
  - text: "Fail - exit kitchen"
    next: scene_1759579731212
    set:
---

The group enters a vast and chaotic kitchen.
Steam fills the air. Fires roar under iron woks.
The smell of garlic, ginger, and butter mixes with smoke and spice.
Cooks rush back and forth, shouting orders, stirring pots, slicing vegetables.

No one seems to notice the intruders.
Everyone is too busy, too focused.
The group crosses carefully between the tables, almost reaching the other side.

Then a small voice calls out.
"Excuse me, could you please help me?"

An old cook sits at the corner of a table, surrounded by small bowls of powders and herbs. His hands tremble. His eyes are pale with age.

"I hear you passing by," he says. "And it seems you are not as busy as the others.
I mixed up all of my spices and herbs, and my vision is not what it used to be.
All my senses are dull now.
Please, could you help me reorganize them?"

**You have two minutes as a group to place the spices on top of their correct names**

If they SUCCEED:

The old cook smiles, relieved.
"Oh, thank you, my friends. You saved my recipe.
Please, take this marvelous little French cheese we have kept for years in this kitchen."

One of the characters takes the cheese, unsure what to do with it, and slips it into a pocket.

The cook starts humming, already mixing the spices back into his stew.
The group leaves the kitchen unnoticed, the smell of herbs following them out.


If they FAIL:

THe group knows they failed this task. 
The old cook still smiles.
"Thank you for helping me," he says softly, not seeing the mistake.

The group leaves, guilty but silent.
Behind them, a few moments later, a cry rises above the noise.
"Oh no. No, no, I ruined my recipe, noooooooooo!"