---
id: scene_1759574656479
title: Pantry
set:
options:
  - text: "Success - Leave"
    next: scene_1759579731212
    set:
      has:
        cheese: true
  - text: "Failure - Arrested"
    next: scene_1759509582270
    set:
---

The group enters the dark pantry.
At first they are surprised by the smell.
Spices from far away. Curry from India. Dried fish from Norway. Cinnamon cookies. And all kinds of fruits. More food than they would ever expect to find so high in the Himalayas.

But something else demands their immediate attention.
A sharp click-click from the floor.
Both doors of the pantry slam shut.
They are trapped.

A strange laugh echoes from the other side of the door.
"Oh, I got you, little rat. It has been weeks you come here and eat the bread and the biscuits. But this time I got you."

The characters protest. "What are you talking about? We are not a rat."

The voice answers, still suspicious.
"Oh, that is exactly what a rat would say. I do not trust rats."

"The only way I can trust you are not a rat is if you can guess what it's my mind.
I am thinking of an animal.
If you name this animal in less than twenty questions, I will let you go.
I will only answer by yes or no."

The Narrator counts all the questions and tries to answer by YES or NO as much as they can (see the page about Snow Leopard)

If they SUCCEED:

From the dark comes a burst of laughter.
"Ooh, you found it. The Snow Leopard. My favorite. Because one day I want to become the Guardian of Shangri-La. A spirit of a Snow Leopard that can inhabit the strongest warriors, called to hide in the mountains and defend Shangri-La from danger. No one here believes in it, but I have seen them. I heard their screams in the night. I know they exist. The Snow Leopard Guardians."

As the group looks around, the owner of the voice steps out from a cupboard in the corner. A small monk, covered in flour, eyes wide with excitement.

He hands them a few pieces of very smelly cheese.
"Take this with you as a gift." He slips the cheese into the pocket of one of the characters, then pulls a lever. One of the doors unlocks with a loud clang.

"You found it. You deserve your freedom."

If they FAIL:

The voice suddenly grows angry.
"You could not find it. Either you are a rat... or something even worse."
The weird voice screams and calls for the monks to arrest the group.