---
id: scene_1759502130318
title: You cannot leave
set:
options:
  - text: "Escape"
    next: scene_1759508781719
---

{{#trait "curious" "=" 1}}
  "See? They're delicious! Thank you for trusting us"
{{/trait}}

{{#trait "escape" "=" 1}}
 (Wilfried grabs a fruit and bites in it) I understand your caution. I was the same when I arrived here, also a foreigner myself, a long time ago. Please let me explain what's going on.
{{/trait}}

"These quarters of the palace are for you, please make yourself at home. You have each a room over there. As you see there are plenty of entertainment and discoveries to be made. My office is just on the other side of the hallway, you are our guests here.

You probably are wondering when you will be able to leave our valley and go back to your home countries. I understand. See, Shangri-La is a special place, it's very dangerous to try to leave, you'll die in a few hours in these mountains. We have professionals sherpas that bring us marchandise once or twice a year, but we never know exactly when they'll be here. And most importantly, we need to protect the secret of this valley. Soon, you'll understand why your new home needs so much protection. But I'm sorry to have to tell you that no-one can leave Shangri-La.

I know this may come as a shock... Oh, yes?"

Wilfried is approached by a stressed woman, a counselor. She whispers in his ear and for the first time the survivors can see him lose his smile. 

"I'm sorry, I have to leave for now. I suggest you rest, you must be exhausted. Tomorrow morning you'll be able to walk around and discover our Valley. I promise I will answer all your questions tomorrow"

Alone finally, all the characters look at one another, puzzled. No-one can leave! What about their families? Their jobs? Their entire lives? That cannot be true. Some of them, like the Indian detective, are getting nervous. And when he tries to leave the library, understands that the doors are locked... Are they prisoners here? What is this sick joke? What is this place?

Suddenly the Cabaret star feels a fresh draft on her neck. And notices that the balcony window is opened...

An exit. A chance to take for some in the group. 

In just a few knowing glance, a silent decision has been made. These are survivoirs, they feel lucky and strong together, and won't let themselves be caputured by mysterious people. They have to try to escape and make it to the wolrd, one way or the other.
