---
id: scene_1758907595147
title: You Cannot Leave
set:
options:
  - text: "Escape through the balcony!"
    next: scene_1759144401210
  - text: "Stay put"
    next: null
---

{{#has "Eaten the food"}}
  Food good! Wilfried Happy! Cure two wounds! (or get tokens)
{{/has}}

{{#hasNot "Eaten the food"}}
 Food bad?? Wilfried disappointed. But understanding: he once was like you, a newcomer, suspicious. 
{{/hasNot}}

- Wilfried reassures them that in a few days it all will be clearer. Trust me. Have some patience

- If players protest, want to leave, Wilfried is polite, talks about his own experience here as a newcomer years ago. 

- Bottom line: Shangri-La is a special place, it's very dangerous to try to leave, but also, we need to protect the secret of this valley. Soon, you'll understand why your new home needs so much protection. No-one can leave.

- I know this may come as a shock, please rest, you'll find your rooms here. I must leave you for a moment but I'll be back soon. Please do not leave your quarters, you have the whole floor to yourselves.

**Wilfried is approached by a stressed woman, a counselor of sorts. She whispers in his ear and for the first time you see him wince and lose his smile. In a hurry, Wilfried asks the counselor for a big golden key, crosses the large room to get to another small door he opens with the golden key. It looks like an office. There he stays just a few seconds, grabs documents and leaves, locking again behind him and giving back the key. He exist the floor.**

**Alone for a moment, you all look at one another, puzzled. No-one can leave! What about your families? Your jobs? Your lives? That cannot be true. But... This all feels very real...**

**You walk around the floor, see that you each have a room ready, bathrooms. It's all very luxurious, they even have modern plumbing! How?  All the doors leading out of the aisle are closed. And the staircase is guarded byt guards and the stressed counselor lady.**

**You go back to the library to think. You feel a fresh draft on your necks. And you notice that the balcony window is opened...**

**Do you stay put, like Wilfried asks you. Or... Do you want to try to escape??**

Please debate and vote when ready.
