---
id: scene_1759157320244
title: Left - to the courtyard
set:
options:
  - text: "Go back to the library"
    next: scene_1759150412590
    set:
  - text: "Continue escaping"
    next: scene_1759164224758
    set:
---

You're going left. Down the staircase. 

Just before you step in the courtyard, you hear "psss psss". 

Someone is calling you inside a little room full of tools. 

It's a woman, dressed in black and her face half covered. She seems stressed and whispers.

REBEL LEADER:  Oh, thank the Mountain! I found you in time. Are you trying to escape? I understand, I would react the same way. But... Please, listen to me. Do not leave yet. A lot of people in our valley need you help. I don't know what you already know about Shangri-La... But it's a lie, not everything is perfect here. Of course, we respect the Grand Lama, without him the place would go up in flames. But he's being lied to, or his obessions are out of the realities of today. I fight for a valley that will be more free, where evryone can access the same chances, where we could actually help the world... And... I don't have time to explain everything, the guards are everywhere here. What I know: tomorrow, Brother Wilfried will need you to do something important. We, the people, need to know what's going on. Please, do not escape and go do whetver Wilfried wants of you. Once you're there, I'll contact you again. Please. Do not let us down. 

As she leaves, she's being noticed by an angry guard who threatens her and almost catches her as she uses a rope to climb out of the palace external walls.

**The words of the woman echoes in your mind. Should you listen to her and go back to the library? Or do you ignore her plea and continue your escape?**