---
id: scene_1758903041134
title: Meet Brother Wilfried
set:
options:
  - text: "Follow Wilfried"
    next: scene_1758906883664
    set:
  - text: "Refuse to follow him"
    next: scene_1758903009232
    set:
---

**A man, in his 40s, wearing a colorful robe, a big bushy beard and a welcoming smile, waits for you in front of the palace. Some kids and curious crowds are looking at them from afar, excited. Apparently, foreigners are an attraction.**

"We do not get visitors very often. Welcome to Shangri-La!"

{{#visited "scene_1758902129352"}}
  - "I hope you're feeling better. We were afraid the freezing cold that surrounds our valley might have killed you. Like it killed so many lost travelers. We're much better here.'"
{{/visited}}

- From there, pointing at the valley, Wilfried explains what a beautiful country this is: "Shangri-La". In a hidden valley with a special climate that allows them to grow all the food they need for their people. There was a small local population, and chance visitors like you grew the ranks.

- My name is Brother Wilfried. I'm not in charge, no-one really is here. We all respect a wise man, the Grand Lama, who shares with us his philosophy. I second him, I'm his ears and eyes in our Valley. But I spend most of my time reading and meditating. And if anyone here have any problem they can raise it with me; or just decide to change things. See, we live in a trusting, ideal society. Everyone is free here.

**As he says this, he enters the palace through a door protected by two men, who, even is they are unarmed and look more like benevolent monks; are quite big one would easily call... guards.**

Do you follow him?

