---
id: scene_1759770993493
title: Big library puzzles
set:
options:
  - text: "Select the right door and method"
    next: scene_1759827233633
  - text: "Fail"
    next: scene_1759837245694
---

The group spreads out across the library.

Carlotta runs her fingers along the shelves, half-pretending she knows what she's looking for. The Indian detective plays with an old chessboard. Dr. Takeda moves with quiet focus, scanning symbols and annotations. The French activist scribbles notes, muttering theories under their breath. They all leaf through countless old books in a dozen languages, open cracked almanacs, and unroll maps that crumble at the edges.

Benicio Torres stands back, watching them all. The stewardess watches him too suspicious.

After a few minutes, they gather the items that seem most important. Somehow, within these lies the answer: which door hides the secret room and how to open it.

Here's what they found that seemed relevant:
A large map of the region
A chessboard
Several torn pages from an old book

Carlotta also takes out the note given by Li-Tsen earlier, listing the symbols carved on each door on this floor:
A bird
A cairn
A crescent moon
An apple
A feather
A flame
A snowflake
A sun
A Christian cross

Carlotta crosses her arms. "Nine doors, three clues, and no time. Typical."

Candidates! You have 15 minutes to study these objects, figure out which one of the doors is the right door, and how to open it. You can try different doors and methods whenever you like.

If they choose a wrong door: nothing happens.

If they choose the right one: a timid woman's voice comes from behind it.
"What do you know?"

If they say anything other than the correct password, she screams:
"Move away! I am armed and have orders to shoot any trespassers!"
*(here she could actualy shoot and kill the French activist, who loses half their face and then dies in the arms of the Japanese scientist). But we don't have to'*

If they give the correct password: success.