---
id: scene_1760015313007
title: First dilemma
set:
options:
  - text: "Help Hostess"
    next: scene_1760008696313
  - text: "Help Scientist"
    next: scene_1760009099635
---

Conway looks around.
The Indian man is bruised but conscious, trying to stand.
The French activist is already helping the cabaret singer, who's getting into the liquor cabinet to calm herself down.
The Argentinian businessman crawls out from under a broken seat, coat torn but intact.
Most others lie still. So many dead bodies.

Conway sees some smoke rising.
Fuel drips from a cracked pipe near the left wing and was set ablaze by an electrical malfunction. Within seconds, the fire spreads.

A scream cuts through the wind.
The stewardess.
She is pinned under a twisted seat, blood on her leg, snow and smoke hitting her face through the broken fuselage.
The flames are moving toward her.

Conway starts forward but another shout stops him.

At the back of the plane, the Japanese scientist clings to a tilted floor beam creaking dangerously.
Her briefcase has slid down near the open tail, which hangs over a crevasse.
She is trying to reach it, refusing to let it fall.

Conway freezes.
He can only reach one of them in time.

The stewardess trapped, fire closing in.
Or the scientist hanging above the void, desperate to recover something she will not abandon.

**Candidates, your first vote.**

**You can discuss. Debate between you who should Conway try to save.**

**Ready to vote? 
You each have two vote tokens: one white, one black.
Choose your asnwer.
Here, white means help the hostess.
Black means help the scientist.
And when I say "reveal," raise your closed hand and show your choice.
Ready? 
Reveal!**

**Every good story begins with a decision.
Make yours count.**