---
id: scene_1759836798296
title: Music Room
set:
options:
  - text: "Follow Wilfried"
    next: scene_1759825853604
---

WILFRIED:
"This is the Music Room. Few ever come here.
Do you know what this place really is?
It is not a monastery, not only a city.
It is a vault.
A refuge for the memory of humankind.
Every poem, every melody, we keep it here.
When the world forgets, we remember.
The artists vanished long ago, yet their work continued here.
Look, a Chopin piece the world outside Shangri-La never heard."

Dr. Takeda gasps and rushes forward.
Her eyes light up as she runs from desk to desk, touching yellowed scores, her hands trembling with excitement.
"These are real! Originals! Lost works!"
For a moment, she forgets everything even her bag, left open on a nearby chair.

**Candidates, what do you think is in her bag??**

Torres notices. He waits, then quietly reaches for it.
A metallic tube, cold and heavy, slides into his hand.
He knows that weight. He's held gold bars before but this is different. Denser. Dangerous.

Dr. Takeda spins around, panic on her face.
"Don't touch that!" she blurts out.
The French peace activist looks from one to the other. "Is that?"
Takeda closes her bag again.

If the French bleeding-heart idealist is horrified at the idea of a material for a secret weapon that could erase the totality of Shangri-La, Torres likes the idea of having bargaining power, finally, in this damn place.

Wilfried doesn't really notice or doesn't care about any of this. His eyes are bright, full of conviction.
"The Grand Lama now believes you are ready.
There is one last room you must enter. A secret many would give their lives to reach.
But I trust you.
I will guide you there myself."