---
id: scene_1759502130318
title: You cannot leave
set:
options:
  - text: "Escape"
    next: scene_1759508781719
---

{{#trait "curious" "=" 1}}
**Most of you ate something, so I guess Carlotta should too.**
Seeing all this food, Carlotta realises she is famished. She grabs a few different pieces and shoves them into her mouth, not caring how she might look doing so.
WILFRIED: "See? Our fruits and biscuits are delicious! Thank you for showing your trust in us."
{{/trait}}

{{#trait "escape" "=" 1}}
**Most of you did not touch that food yet, so I guess Carlotta should abstain too.**
Carlotta feels uneasy, being stared down by several monks. She instinctively doesn't trust them. This could be a trap, the fruits could be poisoned. What could these freaks do to her?...
*(Wilfried grabs a fruit and bites into it)*
WILFRIED: "I understand your caution. I was the same when I arrived here, a foreigner myself, a long time ago. Please, let me explain what your new situation is."
{{/trait}}

WILFRIED: "These quarters of the palace are for you, please make yourself at home. You each have a room over there. And here are two bathrooms so you can clean yourselves and change. As you see, there are plenty of entertainments and discoveries to be made. My office is just on the other side of the hallway, you are our guests here."

The young Indian man, who's been trembling with impatience, stands up and rudely asks, "When are we going to leave? I need to be back home soon. Can you organise porters or sherpas to the closest city or airport?"

WILFRIED: "Thank you for your direct question, sir. I understand your impatience. If you really want to leave, then yes, we have porters who bring us merchandise once or twice a year, but we never know exactly when they'll be here. It could be months. See, Shangri-La is a special place. It's extremely dangerous to try to leave you'd die in a few hours in these mountains. And most importantly, we must protect the secret of this valley. Soon, you'll come to love this place and call it home. You'll understand why it needs such protection. In a few months, you'll be the first to say and believe that no one should ever leave Shangri-La.

I know this may come as a shock... Oh, yes?... Hmmm? I'm sorry, I have to leave for now. I suggest you rest, you must be exhausted. Tomorrow morning you'll be able to walk around and discover our valley. I promise I will answer all your questions tomorrow."

Carlotta barely listened. She's used to men alw saying no, to society forbidding her to do what she wants. She always gets her way. No reason it should stop now. They all look quite naive and easy to dupe, these monks. The Black Angel will soon fly away from here.

But if she's quite sure of herself, the other survivors are either in shock or in open dispute. The Indian gentleman is full of righteous anger, announcing like a totem that he is a policeman, a detective! The stewardess pleads with him to instead be thankful towards these people who saved them. The Japanese woman declares she has a crucial appointment to keep. The businessman, still in shock, ponders everything he sees in this library, while the French intellectual already has three theories about this place and what kind of society it is.

Hungry more for answers than for lokums, the angry detective goes to leave the library and follow Brother Wilfried. But then he stops. The doors are locked... Are they prisoners here? What is this sick joke? What is this place?

Carlotta values her freedom above anything else, and this news is the one thing that could shake her certainty.

When she feels a fresh draft on her neck and notices that the balcony window is open, she doesn't hesitate. It's an exit. A chance to take. Now.

Carlotta puts her coat back on and slips onto the balcony. The air is still pleasant as night falls on that strange valley.

The other survivors disagree with her move, begging her to reconsider to think of a plan.
Carlotta never made plans. She built her career and survived thanks to her guts. And her guts now are screaming: ESCAPE.

"Follow me or stay here, I'm getting out of this place."

She starts climbing down the side of the balcony. Two other people are bold enough to follow her she knew already who had it in them.

**Candidates: Any guesses?**
*(Reward the players with the correct duo)*

Detective Arun Roy and Doctor Takeda are following the Black Angel in her escape. Will they succeed?