---
id: scene_1760013048080
title: Rescued, but...
set:
options:
  - text: "Continue"
    next: scene_1759495961580
---

Outside, the storm is merciless.
The seven survivors huddle together against the wind, strangers now allies in adversity.

Conway squints through the blizzard.
He is not an optimistic man.
He knows that in this environment, survival is measured in hours, if they are lucky.

He looks at the others: the Indian man, the French intellectual, the cabaret singer, the businessman, the scientist, and the trembling stewardess.

{{#visited "scene_1760008696313"}}
Conway and the Stewardess exchange a sad smile.
"My name's Mary", she says in a whisper. 
He doesn't answer.
So full of life, and about to die on a mountain where no one will find her again, Conway thinks.
{{/visited}}

They move in silence, following the two Sherpas who lead the way through the white void.

The climb is brutal.
The wind cuts like knives.
Snow up to their waists, hands torn on jagged rocks.
Each step is slower, heavier.

Conway can no longer feel his fingers.
His face burns with frost.
The world has narrowed to white and pain.

Then, a scream.
A man's voice, desperate, somewhere behind.

Conway turns.
The Argentinian businessman has vanished from the line.

The businessman has slipped off the path, lying on a narrow platform two meters below. One wrong move and he'll slide into the abyss. He tries to climb, but his arms shake, his boots scrape uselessly against the wall.
"Hold on!" Conway shouts.

Conway drops flat on his stomach, reaches down, pulls but no use, the man is too heavy. Gritting his teeth, Conway slowly lowers himself onto the ledge beside him. 
Conway offers his hands and tells the Argentinian to climb on him, he'll push him. 

The businessman steps on Conway's hands, thigh, then his shoulder, and hauls himself up. He turns, reaching down, out of breath. Too many cigars.

Their hands meet for a heartbeat.
Crack.
Then the ice beneath Conway gives way.
A sound like thunder.
The businessman's grip slips.
Conway's eyes widen, startled but calm.

And then he is gone.
Swallowed by the white abyss. 
Conway finally found peace.


**Oh. Well. That is unfortunate.
It seems our protagonist has expired.
A very promising start, but rather short lived.**

**Well then, let us try this again, shall we.
We need a new protagonist.
You have met the others:
the Indian gentleman (actually a detective), the French activist, the Austrian cabaret star, the Argentinian businessman, the Japanese scientist and the Irish Stewardess.**

**In the full version of our game, you will be able to choose any of them to become your next eyes and ears. But for today, we'll continue with a fixed protagonist.
Let us start over.**
