---
id: scene_1759572116293
title: Rebel escape meeting
set:
options:
  - text: "White - Accept her mission"
    next: scene_17595705728m01
    set:
      has:
        Rebel path: true
  - text: "Black - Denounce her"
    next: scene_1759592031924
---

Carlotta can't help a grin as the group slips past the last guard.
They did it!

But then a whisper cuts through the cold air.
Behind the pillar of the exit door, a figure: a woman, dressed in black.

Carlotta's first instinct: ignore her. Keep walking.
Whoever this woman is, if she talks to them, she will attract attention.

REBEL LEADER:
"Oh, thank the Mountain! I found you right on time. I can't believe you managed to escape the Palace! I get it, I'd react the same way if I were in your shoes. But... Please, listen to me. Do not leave yet.

The people of the valley need your help. I don't know what you already know about Shangri-La... But it's a lie, not everything is perfect here. Of course, we respect the Lama, without him the place would go up in flames. But he's either surrounded by liars or his obsessions are getting the best of him and he lost sight of what really matters. I am committed to giving everyone the same freedom, to making sure we all have the same chances; this way we could actually help the world. Your world. And... Ah, I don't have time to explain everything, the monks are everywhere.

This is what I know: Brother Wilfried keeps an important document in a secret room near the library. Because he needs you for his plans at the ceremony tomorrow, you can access the inner sanctum. This means that you are our only chance to change the balance of power in the valley. We, the people, need to get a hold of that document to be free.

Please, do not try to leave, instead surrender to one of the monks and go back to your quarters. Please, go. You don't have a lot of time before he makes you leave the palace. You need to identify which of the many doors on that floor is the one that leads to that secret room, and you must figure out how to open it. My intel says that a password is hidden in the library, and then this should help you find the right room (give paper). Your success holds the key to our rebellion!

Before we part: my name is Li-Tsen, and now that you're here, all our efforts depend on you. If you do this for us, I promise we will help you go back to your lives out there. And you'll be forever known here as heroes. As heroes. (hears a sound) Oh, they're coming... I'll be in touch."

Carlotta knew it: that speech caught a monk's attention. And the alarm has been raised. Damn it! She was only a few meters from freedom.

Li-Tsen bolts at once, swift as a shadow. The angry monk gives chase, but she's faster. Gone. Carlotta exhales, somehow relieved on behalf of this woman she just met.

And then she realizes that this rebel just crushed her only chance to escape.

Three monks, carrying torches, are surrounding them. Nowhere to run.
Carlotta is manhandled by two monks and forced to walk back to the palace.

And yet... she can't shake a sting of admiration she felt for that rebel woman.
That fire. That impossible courage to stand for something.

What to do now?
They could accept the mission the woman gave them, but why would they risk everything for this stranger? That's a bit too easy, asking them to do all the dangerous stuff! But her promise of freedom is tempting...

Wait. Carlotta now thinks she could denounce Li-Tsen, punish her for robbing them of this chance to escape. It will certainly earn the monks' trust, too, now that they're being brought back... A good insurance policy to soften the blow of their escape...

Should Carlotta believe the rebel's promise and accept this secret mission? Or should she put her interests first and turn Li-Tsen in?