---
id: scene_1759569472613
title: Meet the Administrator
set:
  has:
    met the Administrator: true
options:
  - text: "White - Tell the truth"
    next: scene_1759570155816
  - text: "Black - Lie"
    next: scene_17595705728m01
---

{{#visited "scene_1759509582270"}}
The silent monks stop in a long corridor and one of them opens a heavy wooden door. They usher the group inside a small, austere office with a lit fireplace.
Behind a spotless desk stands a tall man, sharply dressed, every movement precise.
He glances at them once, then gestures for the monks to leave.
{{/visited}}


{{#visited "scene_1759573151068"}}
  This is the man Carlotta saw earlier from the balcony. She had a bad feeling about him already.
{{/visited}}

{{#visited "scene_1759573151068"}}
The curtains draw back. Carlotta finds herself face to face with a slender man in a strict black coat. His eyes weigh them, sharp and cold. Without a word, he opens the window and motions them inside, into a small tidy office where a fire crackles quietly behind him.
{{/visited}}

ADMINISTRATOR: "Ah... the foreigners. Barely arrived and already causing trouble. Weren't you told to remain in your quarters? Of course, we cannot trust you. Our peaceful society is not ready for outside elements or criminals. Tell me the truth. What were you doing roaming the palace? Trying to escape?"

Carlotta feels every gaze turn toward her. Something in that man, in the way he looks at her without blinking, makes her skin crawl.

ADMINISTRATOR: "Ha, I take it you are the leader of this merry band? So then, what exactly were you trying to do?"

Carlotta is an expert liar. She has lived hundreds of lives. Lies are her armor.
But here, nothing is normal.
Maybe being bold and telling the truth could give her more power.

**Candidates! Should Carlotta lie and pretend they were lost?
Or tell the truth, that they were trying to escape?**
