---
id: scene_1759570723569
title: Wilfried happy about the arrest
set:
options:
  - text: "Continue"
    next: scene_1759745872896
---

Brother Wilfried turns to the group, his expression warm but heavy with thought.

"Thank you for your honesty and for denouncing this chaos maker. Shangri-La has seen more demonstration of unsatisfaction lately. I welcome all critics, but these methods are no good. See, these people don't know the exterior world like you do. They do not know how terrible it can be, corruption, violence, war, dictature, and therefore they feel the small faults in our utopia are gigantic problems. But they do not need to act so secretly, creating division. They still respect the Grand Lama, wisely, and the Lama hopes you people can actually help us with all this."

Wilfried grows pensive for a moment, his tone lowering.

"You showed us that we can put our trust in you. I need to ask you for a service."

{{#has "met the Administrator"}}
"I was told that you met Administrator Kim. I'm curious what you thought of him."
{{/has}}

{{#hasNot "met the Administrator"}}
"There's a man working on the floor below, called Administrator Kim."
{{/hasNot}}

"Kim is an important part of our government, a serious man. But the Grand Lama and myself are afraid that maybe his responsibilities and natural defiance to change made him lose track of our teachings and philosophy.

I'll be blunt. Tomorrow is going to be the most important day Shangri-La has ever known. And we're afraid that the Administrator himself might be trying to sabotage the ceremony. We have reasons to believe he's building a group of dissidents and might even want to challenge the Grand Lama's power. But we don't have proof.

Your arrival today is setting a lot of things in motion. We imagine that your group of newcomers might be the best trigger to get the Administrator to reveal his real plans. We have no other choice; we need a real answer before the sun rises.

Please go talk to the Administrator, you can be direct or cunning, but I need you to provoke a reaction in him. Here is a list of information my men got on him. See how you can use this. Then come back to me with an answer: is Administrator Kim a traitor to the Grand Lama, yes or no? Good luck."



Wilfried leaves them standing, all the others look uneasy, unsure whether they have just been trusted or trapped.

Benicio, however, can barely contain his grin.
A palace of lies and rival powers, a ceremony on the brink, and now he is being asked to play both sides?
He buttons his jacket, eyes gleaming.
"Oh, this," he murmurs, "is going to be fun."