---
id: scene_1759772449264
title: Wilfried total trust
set:
options:
  - text: "Success at the music test"
    next: scene_1759836798296
  - text: "Failure at the music test"
    next: scene_1759837245694
---

The group walks back to Brother Wilfried, decided to align with him.
What kind of country is this, Benicio thinks, where every side tries to use them rebels, monks, administrators all asking for betrayal?
Hard to make any money when you're not sure who's in charge.

Benicio speaks for them, voice firm and sure.
"Brother Wilfried. The Administrator is a traitor. He has the support of some monks and even wanted us to steal something from your room, just like the rebel woman did. We stand with you, but we need answers."

Wilfried needs a moment. He looks at them all, almost tenderly.
"Bless the Mountain for sending you to us, sisters and brothers. I knew I could count on you. You identified our enemies not once, but twice in the same evening! The Grand Lama was right. You are the people we need."

Benicio bows his head, keeping his expression humble.
Then, turning slightly, he winks at Carlotta, who lets out a small, giddy laugh.
We got him.

Wilfried continues, more solemn now.
"I want to show you something. But if you let me, I need one last challenge from you. Open your heart and your senses. Here, hold this instrument.

Listen to this melody and let the spirit of Shangri-La guide you. Then, recreate it."

Benicio has no idea what to do here. The stewardess takes the instrument from his large hands, ready to perform.

**Candidates, this is a challenge. Listen to the melody. You have two minutes to repeat it on this instrument. You may listen to the melody twice. Three mistakes are allowed.**