---
id: scene_1759570723569
title: Wilfried happy about the arrest
set:
options:
  - text: "Continue"
    next: scene_1759745872896
---

{{#visited "scene_1759592031924"}}
  The group is being brought back to the Library. The silence is heavy between them. They hope they did the right choice. Brother Wilfriend enters the room, relieved to everyone back here.
{{/visited}}

Brother Wildried turns to you.

"Thank you for your honesty and for denouncing this chaos maker. Shangri-La has seen more demonstration of unsatisfaction lately. I welcome all critics, but these methods are no good. See, these people don't know the exterior world like you do. They do not know how terrible it can be - corruption, violence, war, dictature... and therefore they feel the small faults in our utopia are gigantic problems... But they do not need to act so secretely, creating division. They still respect the Grand Lama, wisely, and the Lama hopes you people can actually help us with all this."

Wilfried is pensive a moment.

"You showed us that we can put our trust in you. I need to ask you for a service.""

{{#has "met the Administrator"}}
  ""I was told that you met Administrator Kim. I'm curious what you though of him."
{{/has}}

{{#hasNot "met the Administrator"}}
  ""There's a man working on the floor below, called Administrator Kim.""
{{/hasNot}}

"Kim is an important part of our government, a serious man. But... The Grand Lama and myself are afraid that maybe his responsabilities and natural defiance to change made him lose track of our teachings and philosophy. 

I'll be blunt. Tomorrow is going to be the most important day Shangri-La has ever known. And we're afraid that the Administrator himself might be trying to sabotage the ceremony. We have reasons to believe he's building a group of dissidents and might even want to challenge the Grand Lama's power. But we don't have proof.

Your arrival today is setting a lot of things in motion. We imagine that your group of newcomers might be the best trigger to get the Administrator to reveal his real plans. We have not other choice, we need a real answer before the sun rises.

Please go talk to the Administrator, you can be direct or cunning, but I need you to provoke a reaction in him. Then come back to me with an answer: is Administrator Kim a traitor to the Grand Lama, yes or no? Good luck."