---
id: scene_1759571320087
title: Rebel library meeting
set:
options:
  - text: "Accept her mission"
    next: scene_1759599390254
    set:
      has:
        Rebel path: true
  - text: "Denounce her"
    next: scene_1759597963478
    set:
      has:
        denounced the Rebel: true
---

They barely have time to argue about what to do next when a figure enters the room through the same window they used to escape earlier.It's a woman,dressed in black and her face half covered. She seems stressed and whispers.It's a woman, dressed in black and her face half covered. She seems stressed and whispers.
  
  REBEL LEADER: ""Oh, thank the Mountain! You're back here! I was not you. Please, listen to me.""

" A lot of people in our valley need you help. I don't know what you already know about Shangri-La... But it's a lie, not everything is perfect here. Of course, we respect the Grand Lama, without him the place would go up in flames. But he's being lied to, or his obessions are out of the realities of today. I fight for a valley that will have even more freedom, where evryone can access the same chances, where we could actually help the world. Your world. And... I don't have time to explain everything, the monks are everywhere here.

What I know: Brother Wilfried keeps an important document in a secret room near the library. Because he needs you for his plans at the ceremony tomorrow, you are welcomed there. It is our only chance to change the power forces in the valley. We, the people, need to get a hold of what's hidden in this room.

Please act fast. You don't have a lot of time until they move you out of the palace. You need to identify which of the many doors on that floor is the one to that secret room and how to open it. I received an intel that you'll find all you need in the library! Please, your success holds the key to our rebellion.

My name is Li-Tsen, and my people rely entirely on you. If you do this for us, I promise we will help you go back to your lives in the outside world. And you'll be forever known as heroes arounf here. Forever. We'll be in touch."

Scared by a noise at the door, the woman gracefully jumps out of the window...

The words of the fierce woman echoes in the mind of the characters. Should they listen to her plea and go back to the library? Or maybe if they denounce her to the monk, the people here would treat them better? 

What kind of group is this? Will they accept her mission or denouce her?