---
id: scene_1759772449264
title: Wilfried total trust
set:
options:
  - text: "Success at the music tes"
    next: 
    set:
  - text: "Failure at the music test"
    next: 
    set:
---

The group walks back to Brother Wilfried, decided to align with him. What is this messed up country where foreigners can be approached like this to betray the power by everyone! 

They approach Wilfried and, as a group, with a striaght voice and putting weight in all their words, tell him that the Administrator is a traitor, that he has the support of some of the monks, and even wanted the group to steal something from here, like the woman wanted too. The group needs more explaination.

Wilfried needs a moment to accept the reality he suspected for a while. He looks at the group like they were his own children. 

"Bless the Mountain to have sent you to us, sisters and brothers. I knew I could count on you. And you delivered, identifyinf our enemies not once, but twice in the same evening! The Grand Lama was right: you are the people we need!

I want to show you something. But, If you let me, I need one last challenge from you. Open your heart and sensation. Here, hold this instrument. 

Listen to this music box melody. And let the spirit of Shangri-La guide you and recreate that melody!""

**Listen to this melody. You have two minutes to find a way to repeat it on this instrument. In two minutes you'll have to play it. 3 mistakes allowed. You can hear the reference only 2 more times, whenever you want'