---
id: scene_1759572116293
title: Rebel escape meeting
set:
options:
  - text: "Accept her mission"
    next: scene_17595705728m01
  - text: "Denounce her"
    next: scene_1759592031924
---

The characters smile as they managed to trick the guard. 

As the group slowly walks out of the palace, victorious in their escape, they hear "psss psss".Someone is calling them from inside a garden shed. It's a woman, dressed in black and her face half covered. She seems stressed and whispers.

REBEL LEADER: ""Oh, thank the Mountain! I found you in time before your disappear. I can't believe you managed to escape! I understand, I would react the same way if I were in your shoes. But... Please, listen to me. Do not leave yet.

A lot of people in our valley need you help. I don't know what you already know about Shangri-La... But it's a lie, not everything is perfect here. Of course, we respect the Grand Lama, without him the place would go up in flames. But he's being lied to, or his obessions are out of the realities of today. I fight for a valley that will have even more freedom, where evryone can access the same chances, where we could actually help the world. Your world. And... I don't have time to explain everything, the monks are everywhere here.

What I know: Brother Wilfried keeps an important document in a secret room near the library. Because he needs you for his plans at the ceremony tomorrow, you are welcomed there. It is our only chance to change the power forces in the valley. We, the people, need to get a hold of what's hidden in this room.

Please, do not escape, surrender to a monk, go back to your quarters. Here is an intel one of my men gathered, it should help you identify which of the many doors on that floor is the one to that secret room. Please, go. You don't have a lot of time until he moves you out of the palace.

My name is Li-Tsen, and my people rely entirely on you. If you do this for us, I promise we will help you go back to your lives in the outside world. And you'll be forever known as heroes arounf here. Forever. We'll be in touch."

As she leaves, she's being noticed by an angry monk who runs after her -- but she's the quickest. The monk now turns to the group, they cannot escape any more...

One of them quickly hides the paper she gave them. The words of the fierce woman echoes in the mind of the characters. Should they listen to her plea? Would it really help people? Coul this become a heist story? Do they really want to go back to steal that document? 

Or maybe... The group should not trust that mysterious woman. If they denounce her to the monks, maybe the people here would treat them better? It might be better to be in the good grace of the more powerful people, they don't know the rules of that strange country.

What kind of group is this? Will they accept her mission or denouce her?

