---
id: scene_1759497950272
title: Meet Wilfried
set:
options:
  - text: "A majority eats the food"
    next: scene_1759502130318
    set:
      traits:
        Feelings towards Shangri-La:
          Curious: =1
  - text: "A majority does not touch the food"
    next: scene_1759502130318
    set:
      traits:
        Feelings towards Shangri-La:
          Escape: "+1"
---

A man, in his 40s, wearing a colorful robe, a big bushy beard and a welcoming smile, waits for the group on a balcony near the Palace. Some kids and curious crowds are looking at them from afar, excited. Apparently, foreigners are an attraction here.

"We do not get visitors very often. Welcome to Shangri-La! You certainly have thousands of questions."

{{#visited "scene_1759496574723"}}
 "But first, I hope you're feeling better. We were afraid the freezing cold that surrounds our valley might have killed you. Like it killed so many lost travelers."
 {{/visited}}

"Shangri-La is a hidden valley with a perfect climate. It's almost impossible to find, and it would take days of crossing the mountains in the wind and cold to reach any other presence of civilisation. We're a lost island. But we like it like this, you'll soon understand why. You must be starving. Follow me, we have prepared a meal for you that will allow you to taste all the fabulous food we can grow around here.""

Wilfried starts walking toward the palace. The group follows.

"My name is Brother Wilfried. I'm not in charge, no-one really is here. We all respect a wise man, the Grand Lama, who shares with us his philosophy. I second him, I'm his ears and eyes in our Valley. But I spend most of my time reading and meditating, like most of us in the palace. And if anyone here have any problem they can raise it with me; or just decide to change things. See, we live in a trusting, ideal society. Everyone is free here."

As he says this, he enters the palace through a door protected by two large monks... 

The group follows him. Entering through the large wooden doors, they are ushered into the the building, and are stunned by its calm and elegance. The sparse furniture is made of precious woods and marbles, the curtains are made of the finest silk. The group steps into a sort of library, filled with books, maps, objects from all the cultures on Earth. Wilfried signals for them to come sit around a large table with plates of local fruits and delicacies.

"Everything is vegetarian in Shangri-La"

(The Narrator points to the real food, offers it to the players) Please feel free to eat the food. It looks delicious.
