---
id: scene_1759747593441
title: Facing the administrator
set:
options:
  - text: "Denounce the Administrator"
    next: 
    set:
  - text: "Accept the mission"
    next: 
    set:
---

**You have 5 minutes to get your answer**

NEED TO INVENT HOW EXACTLY THE ADMINISTRATOR REVEAL OR NOT HIS PLAN. 


WHAT DO THE PLAYERS NEED TO SAY?

CAN THEY FAIL? THEN WHAT? 


Success: 

Tha Administator actually has a counter proposal: 

"You have no idea what more I can offer you. There is a treasure that Wilfried and the Grand Lama protect, more incredible that you can imagine. It's obvious you were sent here by Wilfried to spy on me, that's a smart move. But here is a smarter move for you: keep Brother Wilfried's trust and use your access to get something for me in his office. A precious document he hides in a safe there. I neeed it. You don't need to know why. What you need to know is that if you succeed and bring me that document, not only I'll help you go back to the wolrd, but you will be the most powerful people on Earth.

Go. We don't have much time. Betraying me won't lead you anywhere. Wilfried has no idea how many of his monks joined my ranks. But allying with me can bring you everything. Go now. Get into his office. Open his safe. Do it for yourselves."

**The group is stunned. As they climb back on Wilfried's floor, one big dilemma is occupying their minds: should they tell Wilfried that Administrator Kim is a traitor? And prove their loyalty to Wilfried. Or should they do what both the rebel and the Administrator want and steal that document? Their curiosity is peaked. What could that secret be? Is the Administrator really that powerful? Should they take that mission?**