---
id: scene_1759860446110
title: Success Faitfhul ending
set:
options:
  - text: "Give it to Wilfried"
    next: scene_1759863261460
    set:
  - text: "Keep it"
    next: scene_1759863261460
    set:
---

Brother Wilfred walks proudly through the long corridors of the palace.
The group follows, still holding the precious paper.

WILFRIED: You have done so well. Truly.
The Grand Lama is now waiting to meet you for tea.
This is an honour some  - like myself - waited years to receive.
And you, after only a few hours, you will meet face to face with the Lama!
It means he already knows you have done something extraordinary.
I can tell you now what you found. It is shocking and couldn't have been said right away.
It is the recipe for eternal life. The true secret of Shangri-La.
Four centuries ago, a priest from Luxembourg, Father Perrault, crossed the world.
He found this valley and discovered what others only dreamed of.
He built Shangri-La as a refuge, a memory of humankind.
And he is still alive. The Grand Lama you are about to meet is that same man.
Four hundred years old. Keeper of our secret, and of all that remains good in this world.

WILFRIED: The Grand Lama has been waiting for this moment.
He's the one who organised for you to come here!
It was no accident. We invited you! 
He believes that one among you might be chosen to become his successor.
To lead Shangri-La into a new age of peace.
To end the fear, the rebellion, the doubt.
This is not just an honour. It is destiny.

**Wilfried reaches for the handle of a big wooden door.
He hesitates**

WILFRIED: Maybe you should give me that recipe back...

**What will the group do? Give it to him, or do they prefer to hold it for now...?
