---
id: scene_1759599390254
title: Wilfried checks on the group
set:
options:
  - text: "Continue"
    next: scene_1759770993493
---

After a moment, Wilfried enters the room and seems relieved to see the entire group here. 

"I hope your little... escapade was fun. You could have asked if you wanted to explore already this night... You're not prisoners, you're our guests. For reasons that will become clear later, I believe in you, people.

But... Have you... met anyone, while you were... visiting? No? I confess that we've been having some challenges lately. Shangri-La has seen more demonstration of unsatisfaction. I welcome all critics, but their methods are no good. See, these people don't know the exterior world like you do. They do not know how terrible it can be - corruption, violence, war, dictature... and therefore they feel the small faults in our utopia are gigantic problems... But they do not need to act so secretely, creating division. They still respect the Grand Lama, wisely, and the Lama hopes you people can actually help us with all this.

I tell you all this just in case someone tries to get in touch with you with... strange demands.

I have emergencies I need to attend to. The best thing you can do now, is rest a few hours. I'll come get you for the ceremony."
 
As Wilfried leaves, a shiver of excitement propagates amongst the group: they're lying, here for a secret mission. First they need to figure out which of the door in this aisle of the palace is the one hiding Wilfried's secret office. 

Li-Tsen told them to start looking for clues in the libray, here they are! As they look all around them, they notice many elements that seem useful. 


