---
id: scene_1759860436027
title: Success Rebel ending
set:
options:
  - text: "Give it to Li-Tse"
    next: scene_1759861873863
    set:
  - text: "Give it to Wilfried"
    next: scene_1759861873863
    set:
---

**The group knows they have to move, fast. They runs down the stairs.
Their steps echo through the marble.
One of them holds the precious paper tight against their chest. The secret of Shangri-La. What is this?
Outside, in the courtyard, fires burn in the night.
Li-Tse comes our of her hiding place, trembling.
She sees the characters and runs forward, her eyes tearing.**

REBEL: You did it. You really did it. You kept your word.

Before they can answer, Brother Wilfred appears at the top of the stairs.

WILFRIED: Stop. Stop right there. Do you even know what you are carrying?
Tell me then. What is the great mystery of Shangri-La?

**He looks at them, waiting for an answer.
You can answer if you have guessed**

WILFRIED: This is the recipe for eternal life. The true secret of this place.
Four centuries ago, a priest from Luxembourg, Father Perrault, crossed the world.
He found this valley and discovered what others only dreamed of.
He built Shangri-La as a refuge, a memory of humankind.
And he is still alive. The Grand Lama you are about to meet is that same man.
Four hundred years old. Who built under our sacred Mountain this hidden city.
(To Li-Tsen)
She wants to give this to everyone!
She would spread it across the world.
Can you imagine what that would mean?
A world where no one dies would become hell. 
Do you know what kind of madness that would be?
This is too big a responsabilities!
I do not enjoy it, but it is our cross to bear.
Please, strangers, the Grand Lama trusts you.
He's the one who organised for you to come here!
It was no accident. We invited you here! 
Give me that paper back. 
Together we can do grand things. For Shangri-La and also the wolrd!

LI-TSE: If you want to help the world you could do so much! 
You could do so much for your own people here. 
Is this your utopia? A bunch of very old men meditating in a hidden valley?
What I imagine, you call it madness. I call it hope.
You hide this secret while the world outside is dying. Falling into fascism and war!
You keep it for yourselves, pretending it is mercy.
It is fear. Nothing more.
Strangers, you held your promise. Because you heard the truth in my words.
Gibve mle that paper and run away with me, we can change this world! 

The group stands in the middle, holding the paper.
What are they going to do? Who do you choose to help?
