---
id: scene_1758361761679
title: Dinner
set:
options:
  - text: "Majority eat the food"
    next: scene_1758367327554
    set:
      traits:
        New Group 1:
          New Value: 0
      stats:
        explore: 0
  - text: "Majority does not touch the food"
    next: scene_1758367327554
    set:
      stats:
        leave: 0
---

The lights turn on around the players as they see they are inside a cosy library, richly decorated, filled with books, maps and objects seemily from every cultures. Incent smell fills the air. 

**NARRATOR: The sherpa lead you through a perilous edge. In the snow storm, you barely saw where you were putting your feet. You didn't realise how, but you were guided inside a narrow valley that seems like it shoulnd't be here. Snow stopped, the temparture is now pleasant. The trees are green and the moutains sides are covered with cultures and flowers. You are brought to a big building oversseeing the valley below, something like a palace or an imposing monastery, with golden domes on top of towers and an architecture you cannot place; mixing oriental, arabic and art-deco europen influences.** 

**Entering through the large wooden doors guarded by two strong men, you are ushered into the the building, and you are stunned by its calm and elegance. The sparse furniture is made of precious woods and marbles, the curtains are made of the finest silk. The people who brought you here encourage you to come sit around a large table and place large plates of local delicacies on it.**

Servants bring plates of food to the players. 

**Please feel free to eate the food. It smells delicious. But... you do not know anything about these people... Do you eat the food?**